Miss Lin has been gentle since childhood
respect the old and love the young
How can it be like a different person after the wind?
He also kicked out the three elders of the Lin Mansion
The three elders dedicated themselves to the Lin Group
Old but helpless and lonely
Let's ask if he is really the eldest lady of the Lin mansion
Would you do such a heinous thing?
Miss Lin Mansion
It was our three elders who saw the answer
from childhood
I can't even bear to step on a tiny ant to death
he
It's impossible to do something like that
No, not at all.
What Miss Lin said is reasonable
This Lin family has always attached great importance to love and righteousness
It's really impossible for Miss Lin to do such a thing
Can you do something new?
It's the same story every time.
Miss Fan is tired of listening
And you said mean things to my mother and sister
Insult especially
It's the opposite of filial piety.
The family style of this Lin mansion has always been rigorous
How can you educate an unreasonable person like you?